I won't have a long time we'll start
talking right when he appears Rick okay
when it when it says idle he's not in
the game yet but when the idle goes away
that means he's in the game he's not in
the game yet it's okay right when the
idle thing disappears then you'll know
he's in the game man he's alone a real
slow
hi welcome to the glad to see you look
at that picture that's a pretty picture
yourself
where are you going Oh awesome this book
house is great isn't it this book house
is awesome is on the river and water the
lake boats a nice night isn't it that's
a weather hey Sonic what's your favorite
color honestly what's your favorite
color sorrows yeah what's your favorite
color I need to know what's that Sonic I
can't hear you I can't hear you what's
your favorite color
yeah okay oh that's awesome why I love
black I love black too that's awesome
like it's so great oh oh Black is just
amazing color it's so amazing look it's
night time right now and there's black
all over the place did you know that
yeah look at all the shadows it's
awesome black everywhere in fact let me
turn off my flashlight that'll make it
even more black yeah what's so oh it's
because it's dark and black isn't it
right yeah I get it
so what do you think about this fuck if
I see like his dark are you gonna tell
us a ghost story
what did you think of those pills he
took those pills great Denise are off
snake can you take pills Nick